Take off your clothes and lie down
What take off take off your clothes
I want to use techniques to relax your muscles
You don't take off your clothes
How do I find acupuncture points?
If you don't want to treat it
Then forget it.
Yeah, all right.
I believe brother
I'm going to press the tailbone and lie on my stomach
It swallows a little, bear with it
Here we go today.
Why, brother, will this take a long time to treat?
Not long, about a week.
What a week?
little sister
You are paralyzed by damage to the brain nerves
Nerve injuries are the hardest to recover from in the world
That is, there is a peerless doctor like me here
To save you
Change to another doctor
It's a terminal illness
Ok I believe brother
By the way, what's your name, brother?
Qin Zhan
Brother Qin Zhan
My name is Dong Yixue
Yunzhou dongjia
Brother, you saved me today
If necessary in the future
I'm here to help after all
What are you from the Dong family in Yunzhou?